Add a fare_id entry to operation_rules (#14)
GOFS-lite/GOFS-lite: reference.md

\-&nbsp; `calendars` | REQUIRED | Array | Array of calendar IDs from `calendars.json` defining the dates and days when the pickup and drop off occur.
\-&nbsp; `brand_id` | OPTIONAL | ID | ID from a service brand defined in `service_brands.json`. If this field is not provided, the operating rule applies to every service brand defined in `service_brands.json`.
\-&nbsp; `vehicle_type_id` | REQUIRED | Array | Array of vehicle types used for delivering the on-demand service.

> \-&nbsp; `fare_id` | OPTIONAL | ID | Unique identifier of a fare. Use to determines the price of the on-demand service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\-&nbsp; `fare_id` | OPTIONAL | ID | Unique identifier of a fare. Used to determine the price of the on-demand service. 
```
